# hello-world
Hello world thank you and great work on following all of the safety requirements during this difficult period of time. The coronavirus has affected our country world wide. My goal is to spread some inspiration. This pandemic most certainly won't last forever. Reassuringly I have faith that only a short amount of time will fly by before everything goes back the way it was before Covid 19. Every day I think to myself everything happens for a reason undoubtedly. Probably sounds like a very simple statement to most but a truly powerful meaning stands behind it. My reason for believing that saying so strongly even more desperately was caused by the near fatal car accident that happened November 2018. Believe me when I say that wreck seemed like the worst thing that could happen to someone but despite all, the near death experience brought many good outcomes. Staying positive having faith are what got me through. At 2am November 25 I fell at the asleep while driving I drove through fence hit a tree was ejected 50 ft from the car rolled the car several times and laid there in a ditch on restricted access road for nearly 7 hours until a man named Chanler a random stranger noticed my car took the next exit drove through neighborhoods found the road and me laying in a pool of my own blood. I had 15 fractured ribs, a fractured scapula, 2 collapsed lungs, a lacerated liver, a shattered ankle, head cut open from ear to ear, and my body temperature was 70 degrees. My id landed next to me so Chanler grabbed a blanket from his truck covered me up and said my name with reassurance that everything was going to be okay while he was on the phone with paramedics. My heart stopped two times on the way to the hospital and at the hospital they brought me back both times obviously cause I'm here today. Exactly 2 weeks later I woke up in the hospital with a feeding tube, a tracheotomy, and a very stylish mullet. Sarcasm of course but hey I got a free haircut while going through the windshield. Oh yeah what women doesn't like getting free things right? See being able to joke and make light of the situation was more practical then being depressed feeling sorry for myself. Realistically I wasn't going to take back what happened I had to get through my recovery and I chose to do it with a positive mind set instead of being miserable. In conclusion I hope to inspire or give hope to any one suffering a tragedy maybe just feeling depressed. Everything is going to be okay and workout exactly how it is supposed to. Stay your strongest self during the hard times because something that seems like the most horrible event happening to you is for a reason a good reason for that matter. Be brave until that good reason comes into perspective.
